# README

**Pokémon: Seven Generations**

Contributors: Sarayna Gandhi, David Grueber, Dylan Fox

# Game Description
Two players choose any Pokemon or its evolution from all seven generations, then engage in a battle. 
mention ajusted attack and defense formulas

# List of Python packages used and their versions (e.g. numpy 1.21.5). 
This is good practice for reproducible and responsible programming!

# Detailed description of the demo file. 
This includes detailed instructions on how to run it, what output one should expect to see, and any explanations or interpretations of the result. There should be at least 2 figures embedded in this section. It can be screenshots of your game, or plots generated by your data visualization code. Make sure these figures have appropriate titles and captions, and are sufficiently explained in your text.

how to run (for now): download zip file of the code, type `from pokemon_game import start_battle` into jupyterlab or juptyernotebook, then type `start_battle()` to run the game

# Scope and limitations, including ethical implications, accessibility concerns, and ideas for potential extensions.
accessibility concerns: must use JupyterNotebook or JupyterLab to run, and must download files
ideas for extensions: buttons

# References and acknowledgement.


# (If appropriate) background and source of the dataset.
Sprite images: https://github.com/yaylinda/pokemon-sprite-scraper/blob/master/metadata.csv
Pokemon data: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/rounakbanik/pokemon

# (If appropriate) links to any tutorials you used, and at least 3 specific things you implemented that differentiates your project from what’s already in the tutorial.

https://github.com/tdewing19/pic16a-hangman
